Yorkshire 3 Peaks in 3 Days | Where2Walk
3 - 4 minutes

View all Walking Holidays

£115.00

Join our 2025 Yorkshire ‘3 Peaks in 3 Days’ Guided Walks.

    Description
    Walk Details for each day
    Suitable For
    Where to Stay
    Reviews (0)

Description

Join our 2025 Yorkshire ‘3 Peaks in 3 Days’ Guided Walks. Instead of racing around the 3 Peaks in one day (with little enjoyment) join us for a more  leisurely circuit of each mountain by the best and most enjoyable route.

13/14/15 May 2026

The cost for all 3 Guided Walks is £115

The itinerary for each day is detailed below although we are very flexible and things may change on the day (usually weather related). 

We meet at 9.30 for each walk and will be out and about for roughly 6 hours.
Day 1 (Wed). Pen-y-Ghent (Roughly 9 miles)

From Horton-in-Ribblesdale we will follow the traditional route up Pen-y-Ghent. From the summit we will carry on towards Plovers Hill before dropping down to the old drovers road linking Littondale and Ribblesdale. The return takes us past Hull Pot, a waterfall as part of a collapsed limes.
Day 2 (Thurs). Whernside (Roughly 11 miles)

Park at Ribblehead and then follow the Settle Carlisle railway past the famous viaduct and Blea Moor Tunnel. From here leave the traditional route to enter the head of Dentdale and climb Whernside via 3 Tarns on its wide northern shoulder. From the summit drop back in to the head of Ribblesdale and return through Ribblehead viaduct.
Day 3 (Fri). Ingleborough (Roughly 11 miles)

Start at the lovely village of Clapham then climb Ingleborough via the dramatic Gaping Gill and Little Ingleborough. The plateau where the summit lies is a large flat boulder field with excellent views in all directions. The return to Clapham is via some of the most dramatic limestone pavements in England, the Ingleborough Nature Reserve.

Settle or one of the surrounding villages is probably the best base for the walks. Settle is a market town with a good and varied choice of accommodation, places to eat and visit. There are also good rail links to Settle.

However Ingleton, Long Preston and Horton are good as well.

We can easily arrange a pick up from Settle or nearby for each walk if you do not have your own car.
Suggested Accommodation

The selection below are places which previous people on the walks have stayed in and enjoyed.

Golden Lion, Settle

Craven Arms, Settle

Harts Head, Giggleswick

Maypole Inn, Long Preston

Station Inn, Ribblehead

King William IV Guest House, Settle

Dalesbridge Campsite

Knights Table Campsite, Stainforth

Do contact me if you are struggling to find accommodation. Midweek should be ok!
